Before the development of the internet and social media we could learn about photography
from buying specialized magazines that were seldom available for purchase, at least in my country.
Currently, we are bombarded by millions of images every day when scrolling through our social media platforms
or different webpages, but few capture our attention for more than a few seconds and keep us engaged into admiring them.
I believe that is because some images can convey the feeling and the emotions that the person that captured them experienced
in those moments, like a piece of art. We do not have to spend time reflecting as to why we do it, we simply do it.

---

In the last years I am happy to see that photography has developed quite a lot in my country,
and that there are currently more than a handful of photographers who conduct workshops
dedicated to learning about this craft. Some people have a natural eye for understanding
what makes an image captivating, but this ability also comes through a lot of practice
and by sharing experiences with other people that share your passion.
I myself never learned photography from participating in workshops, but through a lot of reading,
researching and practicing. I never view photography as a means of capturing a beautiful image,
but as a way of engaging the viewer into experiencing the feelings I had when I pressed the camera shutter,
hopefully giving him the desire to go out and explore nature.

---

Before doing photography, I used to hike and travel a lot and I always wanted to capture the beautiful places I have visited,
a desire which prompted me in learning about photography. At first, I used to travel a lot alone because I could not find a person or a group
with the same mindset as myself, but lately I have been travelling quite a bit with my friends Adrian Petrisor and Ovidiu Lazar,
and it has been a rewarding experience. I know there are a lot of people like myself when I first started photography and hiking
that have difficulties in finding a group to enjoy their passions, which is part of the reason why I wanted to start doing these workshops.

---

Due to the nature of my job, I do not have the time to organize small group workshops but mostly you will be able to find me
in the workshops organized by my friends Adrian & Ovidiu. However, if you want a small group or individual experience in hiking
and photography with me you can send me an email or contact through social media and maybe we can set up a 1-2-3-day tour in your desired place or a place chosen by me.

---

In these workshops I will teach you everything I know about how to visualize a scene and capture a beautiful image, therefore do not hesitate to contact me, if interested.
I do not charge extra for my participation; I only require you to pay for my accommodation and transport.